docs: extend the deployment docs (#858)
rackerlabs/understack: docs/deploy-guide/getting-started.md

on what this is.

The layout of this repo will be something like:

```shell
.
├── management # (1)
│   ├── helm-configs # (2)
│   └── manifests # (3)
├── iad3-prod # (4)
│   ├── flavors -> ../flavors/prod # (5)
│   ├── helm-configs
│   └── manifests
├── iad3-staging # (6)
│   ├── flavors -> ../flavors/nonprod # (7)
│   ├── helm-configs
│   └── manifests
├── global-prod # (8)
│   ├── helm-configs
│   └── manifests
└── flavors
    ├── nonprod
    └── prod
```

1. This contains data which the cluster labeled as `management` will consume.
2. helm `values.yaml` files per application/component will be here for `management`.
3. Any Kubernetes manifests per application/component will be here for `management`.
4. This contains data which the cluster labeled as `iad3-prod` will consume.
5. The definitions of the hardware flavors that this cluster, which later you will see maps to a site.
6. This contains data which the cluster labeled as `iad3-staging` will consume.
7. The definitions of the hardware flavors that this cluster, which later you will see maps to a site. Notice it is different than staging.
8. The cluster labeled as `global-prod` will have resources consumed here.

> For this [Deploy Repository](#deploy-repository) you will need to be able to commit to it.
> While the deployment tool, [ArgoCD](./argocd.md) will need
> read-only credentials so that it can fetch data from it. Something like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy repository permissions
To get started, you'll need a Deploy Repository that you can commit to. This means you should have write access to this repository.

For the deployment tool, [ArgoCD](./argocd.md), you'll need to set up read-only credentials. This allows ArgoCD to fetch the necessary data without making any changes to your repository. One way to achieve this is by using [GitHub Deploy Keys][gh-deploy-keys] or similar solutions.

```

[GitHub Deploy Keys][gh-deploy-keys] will work.

## UnderStack Repository

The UnderStack repository is used as a base for services installed, their
versions, common configs and containers. It will be referenced by the [ArgoCD][argocd]
Application which in turn will
reference ApplicationSets and the services, their versions and their source repositories.

[argocd]: <https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>
[gitops]: <https://about.gitlab.com/topics/gitops/>
[gh-deploy-keys]: <https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/managing-deploy-keys#set-up-deploy-keys>

> ## DNS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DNS and SSL
```
